Remove authorize assertion and update migration example (#2010)
simplabs/ember-simple-auth: README.md

});
```

### Deprecation of Authorizers and DataAdapterMixin authorize method

Authorizers and the session service's `authorize` method where deprecated in Ember Simple Auth 1.6
and will be removed in Ember Simple Auth 3.0. The concept seemed like a good idea in the early days of
Ember Simple Auth, but proved to provide limited value for the added complexity.

Originally, we recommended replacing the use of authorizers by defining an `authorize` method on
the application adapter that could use our `session` service to inject the authorization information.

As of Ember Simple Auth 2.0, we've decided to also deprecate this `authorize` method, and instead recomend

> the user of Ember's `headers` property on the application adapter for this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the use of Ember Data's `headers` property on the `application` adapter for this use case.
```

const { JSONAPIAdapter } = DS;

export default JSONAPIAdapter.extend(DataAdapterMixin, {
  // defaults
  // identificationAttributeName: 'email'
  // tokenAttributeName: 'token'
  headers: computed('session.data.authenticated.{email,token}', function() {
    let headers = {};
    let { email, token } = this.get('session.data.authenticated');

    headers['Authorization'] = `Token token="${token}", email="${email}"`;

    return headers;
  }),
});
```

> * The `headers` property is available from Ember 2.0, for older versions you can continue to use `authorizers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `headers` property is available from Ember Data 2.0, for older versions you can continue to use the `authorize` method.
```
